The one other one that I will show you
real quickly, I don't have that many third
party libraries in here, so I'll kind of
maybe just, is one of the things that
you can do, and the syntax for
this in Jest is Jest.mock, right?
One of the things you can do is say
something like Axios or whatever.
Literally, this will break my rule.
Any import, anything that you would
put in the tail end of an import,
you can put in here.
And under the hood, Just replaces
require with its own special require.
Vite, I think,
uses some magic around ES modules.
But basically, by default this will
replace all the messes with mocks, right.
So now, if you did this to just Axios,
to node-fetch to whatever you want,
you would get back the same
API completely stubbed out,
and stuff along those lines.
And then you could also give it
an implementation here as well.
And in this case, it's interesting Node's
fetch, it knows, it returns a promise.
This one's not in the library.
That's probably dangerous.
But you can theoretically return a new
object, which is what you want it
to be replaced with, right,
with the functionality that you need.
Okay for a certain few things,
treat it with suspicion, yeah.
>> I have a question
that's slightly off topic.
>> I love it.
>> Maybe a little higher level, but
I was thinking about with these mocks and
everything and
testing third party APIs specifically,
something that I've had to do
at work is create an interface,
create an interface just to
specifically consume that API.
And I'm wondering then, if you were
to be writing up a test suite for
an interface specifically, would you
then just test the interface itself?
And then assume that everything
is correct from before then, and
trust those tests to tell you
if they've changed the API?
Just because the word's overloaded
when we say test an interface or
define an interface, what do you mean?
>> Essentially getting the outputs that
you'd expect like if I give a user name to
this I'd expect to get back a user
object with those fields or whatever.
>> Like from a back-end service?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, well, I'm kind of lying a little
bit when I say don't mock anything because
obviously, in the same way we don't run
credit cards, you might not control auth.
You might not control the back end.
You don't want to have
to spin up an entire,
I work on a little open source server.
I can spin it up in my
development environment.
When I worked at Twilio,
you could not spin up all of Twilio
in your development environment.
So saying, hey, I hit this API, and this
is normally what I get back, totally okay.
Things you don't control, go for it.
I will show you a better way to do
that in a second when you shouldn't
use this to do it, but for
stuff you don't control, absolutely.
And you might wanna make sure that like,
hey, I hand things to this interface or
this abstraction,
it then calls fetch with these things,
making sure that actually everything got
to the end of your boundary of control.
Well, absolutely, right, simulating
what the network response would be so
that your component actually renders,
cool, go for it.
We'll see a different way to do that,
but absolutely.
This thing calls this function enclosure
scope, remember when we were refactoring
that react component, and I was like,
that store is bound to the component.
Could I have done something like this?
This is effectively pseudocode,
but it gets the point across.
React Redux, right, and
then I'll return use dispatch.
I could have just mocked
the entire thing out,
which has got maybe some
other implementation, right?
And then use Selector because I didn't
want to refactor my code to be able
to pass in a store, or to wrap my main
component, that's why I say, fix the code.
I could have used this when I had
that issue with the store not
showing the right things, right.
I could have made a fake implementation
here, and it would have probably worked.
But then I've lost confidence in
my code versus refactoring and
using the real thing, right?
Like most things here, there's
a taste issue, right, which is don't
just cheat to get the test passing
because then you devalue your tests.
And I care more about the health of the
application than the test for test sake.
And you're not getting any confidence,
you're just doing stuff
because it feels good.
I could have done that instead
of refactoring my code.
And I would argue with you control all the
code involved if it is in your repo right,
the boundaries of your repo are basic
unless you control multiple repos, but
you know what I mean.
The boundaries of your repo
are where after that you
are allowed to mock things and
you're allowed to stub things.
But generally speaking,
if it is code that you control,
either use the ability to pass in an empty
function or something that does
what you think it does, you wanna
pass in a mock, you have my blessing.
You wanna do stuff like this to
hijack your own module system for
a file that you could have just changed,
and again, I've done these things.
I'll probably do one of them next month.
There's a time and a place,
but feel bad about it.
You know I mean?
Just feel bad about it,
just in your heart know that this is
a hack that you will regret at some point.
>> It's a place to leave
a self-demeaning comment.
>> Yeah, like one of those to dos
that you'll never revisit again.
I have a new rule that if you leave
a to do in the code base you have to
put a date on it.
I don't trust git blame,
you move a file, you lose all that stuff.
You put your name on it and
you put a date on it and
then you're allowed to
put a to do in there.